Remove event.peek() behavior, minor doc and stub fixes (#3122)
pygame-community/pygame-ce: docs/reST/ref/event.rst

.. function:: peek

   | :sl:`test if event types are waiting on the queue`

>    | :sg:`peek(eventtype, pump=True) -> bool`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | :sg:`peek(eventtype=None) -> bool`
   | :sg:`peek(eventtype=None, pump=True) -> bool`
```

   .. versionchangedold:: 1.9.5 Added ``pump`` argument

>    .. versionchanged:: 2.5.3 ``eventtype`` is no longer an optional argument
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. versionchanged:: 2.5.3 no longer mistakenly returns an event when ``eventtype`` is None or not passed.

```
